https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-13094 (#6814)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: gitops/gitops_manage_policy_def.adoc

[#gitops-policy-definitions]
= Managing policy definitions with {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

> With Argo CD, you can use {ocp-short} GitOps to manage policy definitions by granting {ocp-short} GitOps access to create policies on the {acm-short} hub cluster. When a {acm-short} policy definition is deployed with {ocp-short} GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace. These copies are called replicated policies.

Reviewer: Optional:

You could state the benefit of the replica copy, so the user knows why they'd want one. Something like: 

```suggestion
With Argo CD, you can use {ocp-short} GitOps to manage policy definitions by granting {ocp-short} GitOps access to create policies on the {acm-short} hub cluster. When a {acm-short} policy definition is deployed with {ocp-short} GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace. These copies are called replicated policies, making it easier for you to maintain the older versions of your work.
```

Reviewer: If you find this extra statement wordy, then don't feel obligated to include it :)

[#gitops-pol-def-prereq]
== Prerequisites

//are there any prereqs that we need to list? 

> //whats the required access level? Cluster admin? 

Author: @JustinKuli apologies, I added this after i asked for your review.

Reviewer 2: Only prereqs are be a Cluster Admin and be logged in

*Deprecated:* `PlacementRule`

> Complete the following steps to create a `ClusterRole` resource for {ocp-short} GitOps, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements:

Reviewer: Not a big deal, but IBM SG does encourage us to lead with "reason" then action, so it'd be: 

```suggestion
To create a `ClusterRole` resource for {ocp-short} GitOps, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements, complete the following steps:
```

[#gitops-policy-definitions]
= Managing policy definitions with Red Hat OpenShift GitOps 

> //is the title change accurate based on Brandi's comments?

Author: ```suggestion
```

> With the `ArgoCD` resource, you can use {ocp-short} GitOps to manage policy definitions by granting {ocp-short} GitOps access to create policies on the {acm-short} hub cluster. When a {acm-short} policy definition is deployed with {ocp-short} GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace. These copies are called replicated policies, making it easier for you to maintain the older versions of your work.

Author: ```suggestion
With the `ArgoCD` resource, you can use Red Hat OpenShift GitOps to manage policy definitions by granting Red Hat OpenShift GitOps access to create policies on the {acm-short} hub cluster.
```

> //Is this part accurate? "making it easier for you to maintain the older versions of your work."

Author: ```suggestion
```

[#gitops-pol-def-prereq]
== Prerequisite

You must be logged in to your hub cluster.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

*Deprecated:* `PlacementRule`

[#create-clusterrole-gitops]
== Creating a _ClusterRole_ resource for Red Hat OpenShift GitOps

> To create a `ClusterRole` resource for {ocp-short} GitOps, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements:

Author: ```suggestion
To create a `ClusterRole` resource for Red Hat OpenShift GitOps, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements:
```

[#gitops-policy-definitions]
= Managing policy definitions with Red Hat OpenShift GitOps 

With the `ArgoCD` resource, you can use Red Hat OpenShift GitOps to manage policy definitions by granting Red Hat OpenShift GitOps access to create policies on the {acm-short} hub cluster.

- <<gitops-pol-def-prereq,Prerequisite>>
- <<create-clusterrole-gitops,Creating a _ClusterRole_ resource for Red Hat OpenShift GitOps>>
- <<integrate-pol-gen-ocp-gitops,Integrating the Policy Generator with Red Hat OpenShift GitOps>>
- <<config-gitops-healthcheck,Configuring policy health checks in Red Hat OpenShift GitOps>>

[#gitops-pol-def-prereq]
== Prerequisite

You must be logged in to your hub cluster.

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

*Deprecated:* `PlacementRule`

[#create-clusterrole-gitops]
== Creating a _ClusterRole_ resource for Red Hat OpenShift GitOps

To create a `ClusterRole` resource for Red Hat OpenShift GitOps, with access to create, read, update, and delete policies and placements:

> . Create a `ClusterRole` from the console. Your `ClusterRole` might resemble the following example:

Reviewer 3: Could you also please update the first rule in the ClusterRole:

```yaml
  - verbs:
      - get
      - list
      - watch
      - create
      - update
      - patch
      - delete
    apiGroups:
      - policy.open-cluster-management.io
    resources:
      - policies
      - configurationpolicies
      - certificatepolicies
      - operatorpolicies
      - policysets
      - placementbindings
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

To prevent {ocp-short} GitOps from repeatedly deleting this replicated policy or show that the ArgoCD `Application` is out of sync, the `argocd.argoproj.io/compare-options: IgnoreExtraneous` annotation is automatically set on each replicated policy by the {acm-short} policy framework.

There are labels and annotations used by Argo CD to track objects. For replicated policies to not show up at all in Argo CD, you can set `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {acm-short} policy definition to disable the Argo CD tracking labels and annotations from being copied to the replicated policy.

[#policy-gen-install-on-openshift-gitops]
== Integrating the Policy Generator with {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

> Based on Argo CD, you can use {ocp-short} GitOps to generate policies by using the Policy Generator through GitOps. Since the Policy Generator does not come preinstalled in the {ocp-short} GitOps container image, you must complete customizations. You must have the {ocp-short} GitOps Operator installed on the {acm-short} hub cluster and be sure to log in to the hub cluster.

Reviewer 4: Based on Argo CD, you can

This is a dangling modifier. **You** are not **based on Argo CD**. You could say OCP is based on Argo maybe? But again, OCP GitOps _uses_ Argo. This is why we also should probably remove the (Argo CD) from the title because OCP GitOps uses Argo but is not Argo.

> For {ocp-short} GitOps to have access to the Policy Generator when you run Kustomize, an Init Container is required to copy the Policy Generator binary from the {acm-short} Application Subscription container image to the {ocp-short} GitOps container. Additionally, {ocp-short} GitOps must be configured to provide the `--enable-alpha-plugins` flag when it runs Kustomize. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer 4: Wordy, as well. I would look to see where you can reduce the walls of text in this doc.

to have can be removed, just write: For {ocp-short} GitOps to access (This is active)

  kind: ClusterRole
  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----
+

> *Note:* To prevent {ocp-short} GitOps from repeatedly deleting this replicated policy or show that the ArgoCD `Application` is out of sync, the `argocd.argoproj.io/compare-options: IgnoreExtraneous` annotation is automatically set on each replicated policy by the {acm-short} policy framework.

Author: ```suggestion
*Notes:* 
- When a {acm-short} policy definition is deployed with Red Hat OpenShift GitOps, a copy of the policy is created in each managed cluster namespace for resolving hub template differences. These copies are called replicated policies.
- To prevent Red Hat OpenShift GitOps from repeatedly deleting this replicated policy or show that the Argo CD `Application` is out of sync, the `argocd.argoproj.io/compare-options: IgnoreExtraneous` annotation is automatically set on each replicated policy by the {acm-short} policy framework.
```

. There are labels and annotations used by Argo CD to track objects. For replicated policies to not show up at all in Argo CD, disable the Argo CD tracking labels and annotations by setting `spec.copyPolicyMetadata` to `false` on the {acm-short} policy definition.

[#integrate-pol-gen-ocp-gitops]

> == Integrating the Policy Generator with {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

Author: ```suggestion
== Integrating the Policy Generator with Red Hat OpenShift GitOps
```

> //Should this be changed to Red Hat OpenShift GitOps?

Author: ```suggestion
```

> You can use {ocp-short} GitOps to generate policies by using the Policy Generator through GitOps. Since the Policy Generator does not come preinstalled in the {ocp-short} GitOps container image, you must complete customizations. 

Author: Make sure to replace {ocp-short} with "Red Hat OpenShift GitOps"

[#integrate-pol-gen-prereq]
=== Prerequisites

* You must have the {ocp-short} GitOps Operator installed on the {acm-short} hub cluster.

* You must log in to the hub cluster.

> * You must configure the Init Container to copy the Policy Generator binary from the {acm-short} Application Subscription container image to the {ocp-short} GitOps container.
> 
> * {ocp-short} GitOps must be configured to provide the `--enable-alpha-plugins` flag when it runs Kustomize.

Author: ```suggestion
```

[#access-policy-gen-gitops]

> == Accessing the Policy Generator from {ocp-short} GitOps

Author: ```suggestion
== Accessing the Policy Generator from Red Hat OpenShift GitOps
```

> //Is this title accurate with the steps that are in this section? 

Author: ```suggestion 
To access the Policy Generator from Red Hat OpenShift GitOps, you must configure the Init Container to copy the Policy Generator binary from the {acm-short} Application Subscription container image. You must also configure Red Hat OpenShift GitOps by providing the `--enable-alpha-plugins` flag when it runs Kustomize.
```

> To create, read, update, and delete policies and placements with the Policy Generator, grant access to the Policy Generator from {ocp-short} GitOps. Complete the following steps:

Author: ```suggestion
To create, read, update, and delete policies and placements with the Policy Generator, grant access to the Policy Generator from Red Hat OpenShift GitOps. Complete the following steps:
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

[#config-gitops-healthcheck]
== Configuring policy health checks in {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

To define additional health checks for different resource kinds, configure your `ArgoCD` resource. You can customize status messages for your resource kinds. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. Complete the following steps to define health checks for your resource kinds:

> //the example provided in the issue is long. I figure we can split it or just show partial examples of how the YAML would look. Are there any CLI commands that users can run to add the groups? This way we can keep the samples at a minimum

Reviewer 2: It is very long :pensive:. We could split it for each resource, but the whole section would still be long. I also realized that documenting this configuration here could easily cause it to be out-of-date, if for example we have some small change to a health check in the future based on user feedback.

These healthchecks will be in a future version of ArgoCD by default, but I don't know what version of Openshift Gitops that will be. At that point, this configuration would be unnecessary.

If I create a policy for this in the policy-collection, could this section link to that? Or do we have a policy not to link to that? Once we know what version of OpenShift Gitops has these already configured, we could also document that here.

Author: @JustinKuli yes the policy can be linked, just as long as it points to the open-cluster-management-io repo and is in the stable folder. Here is an example where we link to the policy to avoid adding the full example: https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/2.12_stage/governance/cert_policy_ctrl.adoc#certificate-policy-controller

Reviewer 2: Alright. I will work on getting a policy into the stable collection for this configuration. Then I feel like this section could talk about:
1. Small background on these healthchecks
2. How to check whether the healthchecks are already configured (I'll provide some before/after information to help draft this)
3. How to apply the stable policy to configure the healthchecks if they are not present
4. Verify it was applied correctly by checking (1) again

Reviewer 2: Sorry I've been falling a little behind here. I collected an example of before/after of applying these healthchecks.

By default, after creating an argo application that defines an OperatorPolicy, there is no health information reported in the UI:
![example-default-view](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/9ccbf9de-ad90-4d83-bfef-e95c360ce56d)

And similarly, the info in the application status yaml is also slim:
```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: quay-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops
status:
  resources:
  - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io
    kind: OperatorPolicy
    name: quay-operator
    namespace: local-cluster
    status: Synced
    version: v1beta1
```

After configuring the ArgoCD resource to include the custom health checks, the UI will display more information:

![example-with-healthchecks](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/bafcce7f-9e60-45f3-b9e5-a2e468882a35)

And they YAML also has more:
```yaml
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1alpha1
kind: Application
metadata:
  name: quay-operator
  namespace: openshift-gitops
status:
  resources:
  - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io
    health:
      message: Compliant; the policy spec is valid, the policy does not specify an
        OperatorGroup but one already exists in the namespace - assuming that OperatorGroup
        is correct, the Subscription matches what is required by the policy, an InstallPlan
        to update to [quay-operator.v3.11.5] is available for approval but approval
        for [quay-operator.v3.11.5] is required, ClusterServiceVersion (quay-operator.v3.11.1)
        - install strategy completed with no errors, there are CRDs present for the
        operator, all operator Deployments have their minimum availability, CatalogSource
        was found
      status: Healthy
    kind: OperatorPolicy
    name: quay-operator
    namespace: local-cluster
    status: Synced
    version: v1beta1

```

Reviewer 2: A policy for the healthchecks is now in the stable policy collection: https://github.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/blob/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml

It can be applied in one line:
```bash
oc apply -f https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml
```

Or, since applying files directly from the internet is not a best practice, the user can download the file, and apply it separately. For example:
```bash
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml

# Review the policy before applying:
less ./argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml

oc apply -f ./argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml
```

. To add the health checks, edit the {ocp-short} GitOps `ArgoCD` resource with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n openshift-gitops edit argocd openshift-gitops
----

. To add a health check for your `CertificatePolicy` resources, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----

> need command if it exists

Reviewer 2: Command could be like
```
oc apply -f - <<EOF
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1
kind: ArgoCD
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec:
  resourceHealthChecks:
    - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io
      kind: CertificatePolicy
      check: |
        hs = {}
        if obj.status == nil or obj.status.compliant == nil then
          hs.status = "Progressing"
          hs.message = "Waiting for the status to be reported"
          return hs
        end
        if obj.status.compliant == "Compliant" then
          hs.status = "Healthy"
          hs.message = "All certificates found comply with the policy"
          return hs
        else
          hs.status = "Degraded"
          hs.message = "At least once certificate does not comply with the policy"
          return hs
        end
EOF
```

But having 4 of these commands will be long. And I don't know if we like to use things like `oc apply -f - <<EOF` in the docs

Author: We don't use the "EOF" for examples. We need to show the command needed to apply the policy and then can show how the policy might appear

Reviewer 2: Sounds good, I didn't think those were a favored format. I think linking to the policy collection will be better overall.

> . To add a health check for your `CertificatePolicy` resources, run the following command:
> 
> +
> [source,bash]
> ----
> need command if it exists

Author: ```suggestion
. To add a health check for your `CertificatePolicy` resources, run the following command to apply the `ArgoCD` resource:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f openshift-gitops
```

Author: @JustinKuli is this command correct? This is my attempt to separate the example that has EOF

> ----
> 
> . Add a health check for your `ConfigurationPolicy` resource with the following command:

Author: My attempt, I know the spacing in the YAML might be off
```suggestion
----
+
Your `ArgoCD` resource might resemble the following YAML file:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1 
kind: ArgoCD 
metadata: 
  name: openshift-gitops 
  namespace: openshift-gitops 
spec: 
  resourceHealthChecks: 
     - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io 
        kind: CertificatePolicy 
        check: | 
            hs = {} 
            if   obj.status == nil or obj.status.compliant == nil then
               hs.status = "Progressing" 
               hs.message = "Waiting for the status to be reported" 
               return hs 
            end 
            if obj.status.compliant == "Compliant" then 
              hs.status = "Healthy" hs.message = "All certificates found comply with the policy" 
              return hs 
            else hs.status = "Degraded" 
               hs.message = "At least once certificate does not comply with the policy"
               return hs end
----

. Add a health check for your `ConfigurationPolicy` resource with the following command:
```

Reviewer 2: Near the bottom of the file, it should be
```
            else hs.status = "Degraded" 
               hs.message = "At least once certificate does not comply with the policy"
               return hs
            end
```
(you're just missing a newline before the last `end`)

And the command looks correct: if a user made this file and applied it like that, the certificate policy healthchecks would be configured correctly.

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

[#config-gitops-healthcheck]
== Configuring policy health checks in {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

With Argo CD, you can define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resource based on the resource state. You can define custom health checks to report the policy as healthy only when your policy is compliant. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. Complete the following steps to define health checks for your resource kinds:

. To add the health checks, edit the {ocp-short} GitOps `ArgoCD` resource with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n openshift-gitops edit argocd openshift-gitops
----

> . To add a health check to your `CertificatePolicy` resource, download the `argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml` by running the following command:

Author: ```suggestion
. To add a health check to your `CertificatePolicy`, `ConfigurationPolicy`, `OperatorPolicy`, and `Policy` resources, download the `argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml` by running the following command:
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

[#config-gitops-healthcheck]
== Configuring policy health checks in {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

> //what other background information do we need to add? 

Author: @JustinKuli

Reviewer 2: The background here kind of gets into ArgoCD more than ACM... but by default, for custom resources, ArgoCD only reports whether it was able to synchronize the desired state (in git) with the actual state of the resource in the cluster. This default behavior does not indicate whether the resource is really working properly, but ArgoCD allows users/developers to define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resources based on their current state. In particular, we are able to define custom healthchecks to report the Policy as healthy only when the Policy is compliant.

> To define additional health checks for different resource kinds, configure your `ArgoCD` resource. You can customize and view health details for your resource kinds . When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. Complete the following steps to define health checks for your resource kinds:

Reviewer 2: This sounds rather general - do we want to keep it more specific to the ACM policy kinds and healthchecks?

. To add the health checks, edit the {ocp-short} GitOps `ArgoCD` resource with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----

> oc -n openshift-gitops edit argocd openshift-gitops

Reviewer 2: Right after this might be a good time to put something like "For example, to configure the healthcheck for CertificatePolicies, edit the ArgoCD resource to include:" (and move the example you have later on to here).

----

. To add a health check to your `CertificatePolicy` resource, download the `argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml` by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----

> wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml

Reviewer 2: It could be worth noting that this policy configures the healthchecks for all the ACM policy kinds: CertificatePolicy, ConfigurationPolicy, OperatorPolicy, and Policy.

----

> //why does the user need to view the policy before they apply it?

Author: @JustinKuli

Reviewer 2: To verify that they did not download something malicious from the internet. We don't necessarily need to include the exact `less` command to view it.

. Review the policy before you apply it to your policy with the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
less ./argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml
----
+
Your `ArgoCD` resource might resemble the following YAML file:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1 
kind: ArgoCD 
metadata: 
	name: openshift-gitops 
	namespace: openshift-gitops 
spec: 
	resourceHealthChecks: 
	    - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io 
	      kind: CertificatePolicy 
	      check: | 
	          hs = {} 
	          if obj.status == nil or obj.status.compliant == nil then
	            hs.status = "Progressing" 
	            hs.message = "Waiting for the status to be reported" 
	            return hs 
	          end 
	          if obj.status.compliant == "Compliant" then 
	            hs.status = "Healthy" hs.message = "All certificates found comply with the policy" 
	            return hs 
	          else hs.status = "Degraded" 
	             hs.message = "At least once certificate does not comply with the policy"
	             return hs 
            end
----

> //^should the message say "At least one certificate does not comply..." instead of once?

Author: @JustinKuli

Reviewer 2: Yep, thanks for noticing that :laughing: I'll update it in the collection

. To apply the `argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml` policy, run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f ./argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml
----

. Verify that the health checks work as expected by viewing the `ArgoCD` resource. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----

> is there another way for users to verify that it is working?

Author: @JustinKuli

Reviewer 2: After the healthchecks are configured properly, any policies the user has defined and can view in ArgoCD will have the additional health information in the UI, as opposed to just the sync status. I think I put an example screenshot in another comment, if that helps explain what they can look for.

----
image: '{{ (index (lookup "apps/v1" "Deployment" "open-cluster-management" "multicluster-operators-hub-subscription").spec.template.spec.containers 0).image }}'
----

> . If you want to enable the processing of Helm charts with the Kustomize directory before generating policies, set the environment variable `POLICY_GEN_ENABLE_HELM` to `"true"` in the `spec.repo.env` field:

Author: ```suggestion
. If you want to enable the processing of Helm charts within the Kustomize directory before generating policies, set the `POLICY_GEN_ENABLE_HELM` environment variable to `"true"` in the `spec.repo.env` field:
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

[#config-gitops-healthcheck]
== Configuring policy health checks in {ocp-short} GitOps (Argo CD)

> With Argo CD, you can define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resource based on the resource state. You can define custom health checks to report the policy as healthy only when your policy is compliant. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. Complete the following steps to define health checks for your resource kinds:

Reviewer: Same comment as above, and again, optional as it reads well as it is :) 

```suggestion
With Argo CD, you can define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resource based on the resource state. You can define custom health checks to report the policy as healthy only when your policy is compliant. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. To define health checks for your resource kinds, complete the following steps:
```

Reviewer: Before committing this change, see if you like my other suggestion more.

Reviewer 4: Again, we are saying "With Argo" here and is that what we mean? 

This is Argo: https://argo-cd.readthedocs.io/en/stable/

Reviewer 4: If we mean the resource (kind) then we should say: With the `ArgoCD` resource....  This came up when we first started writing about Argo and OCP GitOps as we want to make sure we are clear that we mean OCP function and not the open project, Argo CD that I linked above. You can read a bit about that in the link I placed on Slack.

Reviewer 4: Looking at the YAML sample you provided, which is great, I think we are trying to say:

With the `ArgoCD` resource, you can use {ocp-short} GitOps.....

> With Argo CD, you can define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resource based on the resource state. You can define custom health checks to report the policy as healthy only when your policy is compliant. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. Complete the following steps to define health checks for your resource kinds:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With Argo CD, you can define custom logic to determine the current health of specific resource based on the resource state. You can define custom health checks to report the policy as healthy only when your policy is compliant. When you add a health check for a resource, you must add it as a `group` in the `resourceHealthChecks` field. 

*Important:* To verify that you did not download something malicious from the Internet, review every policy before you apply it.

 To define health checks for your resource kinds, complete the following steps:
```

----
+
Your `ArgoCD` resource might resemble the following YAML file:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: argoproj.io/v1beta1 
kind: ArgoCD 
metadata:
  name: openshift-gitops
  namespace: openshift-gitops
spec: 
  resourceHealthChecks: 
    - group: policy.open-cluster-management.io 
      kind: CertificatePolicy 
      check: | 
	hs = {} 
	if obj.status == nil or obj.status.compliant == nil then
	  hs.status = "Progressing" 
	  hs.message = "Waiting for the status to be reported" 
	  return hs 
	end 
	if obj.status.compliant == "Compliant" then 
	  hs.status = "Healthy" hs.message = "All certificates found comply with the policy" 
	  return hs 
	else hs.status = "Degraded" 
          hs.message = "At least one certificate does not comply with the policy"
	  return hs 
        end
----

. To add a health check to your `CertificatePolicy`, `ConfigurationPolicy`, `OperatorPolicy`, and `Policy` resources, download the `argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml` by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/open-cluster-management-io/policy-collection/main/stable/CM-Configuration-Management/argocd-policy-healthchecks.yaml
----

> . To verify that you did not download something malicious from the Internet, review the policy before you apply it. 

Reviewer: This seems important, especially since we're using strong language like "malicious" 

See my earlier suggestion where I put this before the procedure/task and let me know what you think!

  value: "true"
----

> . To create, read, update, and delete policies and placements, create a `ClusterRoleBinding` object to grant the {ocp-short} GitOps service account access to the `openshift-gitops-policy-admin` `ClusterRole`. Your `ClusterRoleBinding` might resemble the following resource:

Author: ```suggestion
. To create, read, update, and delete policies and placements, create a `ClusterRoleBinding` object to grant the Red Hat OpenShift GitOps service account access to {acm-short} hub cluster. Your `ClusterRoleBinding` might resemble the following resource:
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

> 

Author: ```suggestion
```

  name: openshift-gitops-policy-admin
----

> //is there a verification step to be sure that there is accessing the policy generator?

Author: @JustinKuli confirmed that there isn't a verification step. 
```suggestion
```
